Do you think we can really escape?
Even if you run out of the park
How many more levels will there be outside?
It's not that it was sold to another park by someone else.
Kidnapped by warlords
What will happen to you?
So you've been lying to me
Lie to you
If I want to report you
You think you can live to this day
Even your freedom today
I got it from Sister Hong little by little
Luna, you have to figure it out
You wouldn't be alive without me
Even if Brother Tiger is not here
You can't get out
You don't even have an ID
Look at the bag again, you're not even human
you
But I will still cover you
I won't let you make any mistakes again.
Now Cai Mengmeng is all red and pampered
Instead of fighting him
It's better to make good use of it
Then thank you, Sister Mengmeng
Hey.
Black hand introduce
This is my first official, A Yan
Dealing cards is also a good hand
Guarantee to have fun with Lin Shao
He really came to save Rona
Hey, it's an honor.